All right, so now that you know about functions, we can start getting into some more cool, complex stuff.
So let's make a script called 'version.sh'.
With the ol' shebang.
[Musical signing] She-bang!
So let's just make a variable here called--this will just be an arbitrary version and then make a function
called version.
So I put the variable name in caps here--so version, parentheses, bracket, and then we want to
'echo $VERSION'
'exit 0' and then close it out.
So we want to exit 0 because all we're doing is printing a version;
there's nothing really bad going to happen there.
So quit that.
[Typing]
But that didn't actually do anything, and that's I expected that. (did I?)
So if you go when you define the function like you did here, you're not actually calling it, you're
just calling it that--that you want to have that code there to be able to use, but then you actually have
go and call it.
So here you just type the name of your function and it will run.
'1.0'.  So the cool thing is you can reuse your function: type it again.
So.
Yeah, so the code exited there, but if you remove that...
you can use so you can reuse the code as much as you'd like.
So for now, we'll just leave it like that.
So that will be your version script using a function.